Add an example to skip :variable and :value variable. (#1698)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/reshaping_and_pivoting.md

│ 6   │ setosa        │ 6     │ 1.7         │ 0.4        │ 5.4         │ 3.9        │
```

> You can even skip the `:variable` and `:value` variables and use:

Reviewer: can you please add a comment what happens then (it is rewritten as `unstack(::DataFrame, :variable, :value)`)

Author: Not sure what you meant, but I showed the output in the following REPL result. Choosing :variable and :value as default variables is obvious to me but please feel free to add more description if you want.

> You can even skip the `:variable` and `:value` variables and use:

Reviewer: What I meant is that we are not skipping the variables but positional arguments in the call. Would this be better?
```suggestion
You can even skip passing the `:variable` and `:value` values as positional arguments, as they will be used by default, and write:
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can even skip passing the `:variable` and `:value` values as positional arguments, as they will be used by default, and write:
```
